Fart this century-old wild mountain is my trust
Friend found it himself
I also have a video as proof.
Stop talking nonsense here
This video is obviously staged.
If anyone believes that
That sow can even climb trees, hahahaha.
You fart, it's fake too
That's fake too
No matter what you find today
You have to say it's fake.
Okay, the full length is in your hands.
It doesn't matter if there is evidence
What are you talking about?
Mingming
I see you're here to make trouble
Miss Hou, do you want such a person?
Ruin the old man's birthday party?
Somebody beat this mess out
Wait a minute brown
The CEO Xu beside me has unique requirements for medicinal materials
Is it a century-old wild ginseng?
He looks at you
In the past two years, in the field of Chinese herbal medicine and antiques
Master Xu, who is quite prestigious
I flatter you.
It's just a long time in the auction house
See the significance
Since you are Master Xu
Then please come and identify it.
According to this course
It's really been a few years.
Did Yang Min hear that?
Hey, what's the hurry?
I'm not finished yet.
What about this thing?
Definitely not something wild